



Apology to Our Fans for the Inadequate Early Response After the July 25th Notice.

Hello, this is Director Kim Ji-hoon of Project Moon.

I apologize to our fans for the inadequate early response regarding and after the July 25th Notice.

Project Moon respected the worker's wishes, who explained to us that they could no longer work due to social issue-fueled attacks regarding personal social media accounts.
In compliance with their wishes, we have provided the form of protective support they wished for and they left the company in their preferred manner.

In that process, in order to respect and protect the worker's intentions, Project Moon posted a notice with vague wordings that withheld specific details of the events and remained silent afterward regarding the matter, which led to misunderstandings.

I apologize for failing to foresee that the series of responses would culminate in misunderstandings and misinterpretations that caused pain for our fans and employees.

However, the incident is still closely related to our employees' privacies and personal information, so please understand that we cannot share every detail in full transparency with the public.

1/4

PROJECT MOON
Apology to Our Fans for the Inadequate Early Response After the July 25th Notice.

With the July 25th notice and the August 3rd notice, I attempted to separate the worker from the company to minimize the attacks led against the worker, and wanted to let it be publicly known that they could take individual legal action against online abuses.

Moreover, our decision not to use the worker's artwork in future parts of the game was a measure put in place to prevent additional mention of the worker online and to prevent its contents from being used as tools to further defame and abuse them.

Though the translations to the initial notice were finished around the time of its posting, they were not posted out of concern that repeated mention of the worker may cause the incident to spread overseas.

The existence of a sentence in the Japanese translation not present in other languages was due to incorrect relaying of the original text in the process of proofreading, and due to neglecting to proofread the translation again on account of our urgency in posting the notice.

However, the lack of explanation for the above mistake and the lack of translations for the original notice only grew the controversy even further.

2/4

PROJECT MOON
Apology to Our Fans for the Inadequate
Early Response After the July 25th Notice.

Regardless of the intentions of the original notice, however, my heart is heavy that the inadequate and inexperienced wording of the notice has led to many misunderstandings and pain for the worker, employees, and fans who have loved Project Moon's games so far.

I will now identify and improve such inadequacies so that no further pain will be inflicted on our fans.

Also, I apologize for causing distress to fans, who are unrelated to the spreading of false information, when we announced that we would take stern action against such activities.

I sincerely apologize to all of our employees, contractors, affiliated individuals, and fans for failing to protect our employees and failing to provide our fans with appropriate responses.

3/4

PROJECT MOON
Apology to Our Fans for the Inadequate Early Response After the July 25th Notice.

With this incident in mind, I will prepare and adopt more direct measures to protect Project Moon's workers.

Also, I will now take active responses to cyberbullying against Project Moon and its employees.

At the same time, I will take stern and long-term actions against the organizations and the individuals who have used Project Moon and its fans, committing cyberbullying and secondary harassment based on falsehoods against our employees and affiliated individuals.

As the representative of the company, I am determined to take action to the end against those who claim to vehemently oppose cyberbullying yet somehow believe that attacking the company and its employees with falsehoods and manipulation and using its fans as mere opportunities to amplify their voices, as stepping stones to larger, more righteous discussions is justifiable. I will ensure that those responsible are held accountable for the pain and damage they've caused the company, its employees, and its fans.

Project Moon does not endorse any specific ideologies or any forms of hatred, nor does it biasedly and exclusively endorse the opinions of any specific communities.

I cannot help but apologize to our fans that such heavily polarizing socio-political issues became involved in any shape or form, hurting and disappointing our fans with this incident.

We will be careful and make sure that such an incident is not repeated, so that the fans who love Project Moon will no longer be hurt.

Again, I apologize for causing harm to our fans who have so far loved Project Moon, our current and former employees, and any affiliated individuals with my earlier inexperienced, inadequate responses.

4/4

PROJECT MOON

