

Notice: Server-side issue Regarding
Enkephalin Returns Post Force-quit

Greetings, dear Manager.

An issue with returning consumed Enkephalin when the user
force-quits an encounter has been identified following the
Aug. 10th Update. We will retrieve the Enkephalin Modules
that were distributed erroneously, and return the lost
Enkephalin via the in-game Mailboxes.

All affected Managers have been identified after a
thorough analysis of in-game logs.

Please note that Managers unaffected by this issue will not receive
the withdrawal and return notifications in their mailboxes.
For further information on this matter,
please refer to the details below.

<Issue Details>
- Issue : Upon force-quitting an encounter, 1 Enkephalin module
was returned to the players instead of consumed
Enkephalin(= required Enkephalin -1) for that encounter

- Cause : An error with the server-side logic of the game caused
users to receive 1 Enkephalin module instead of the
resource(Enkephalin) that was spent.

- Solution : The logic causing the
issue has been corrected (As of August 25th)

1/2

PROJECT MOON
Notice: Server-side Issue Regarding
Enkephalin Returns Post Force-quit

<Enkephalin Module Withdrawals & Enkephalin Returns>
- Withdrawals and Returns: After Sep. 07th Update

- Withdrawals: Enkephalin modules given due to this issue will be withdrawn from the user’s inventory, and the number of modules withdrawn will be notified to the affected users via the Mailbox.

- Returns: Enkephalin that has not been returned due to this issue will be sent to the affected users via the Mailbox (Enkephalin acquired via the Mailbox can exceed 999 capacity)

※ If the amount of Enkephalin modules withdrawn exceeds the amount currently owned, the remaining balance can go negative.
※ No Enkephalin will be returned for stages that don't require Enkephalin, such as the Tutorial stages.

We sincerely apologize for causing a disturbance to your enjoyment of the game. All Managers will be given the following compensation. Please refer to below for further details.

Compensation for the Server-side Issue Correction

- Compensation: Lunacy x300, Enkephalin module x5
- Recipients: Every user whose game account was created before 09:59 Sep. 21st, 2023 (KST)
- Can be redeemed once per account
- Date: After Aug. 30th (Wed) 18:00 (KST)

2/2

PROJECT MOON

