


블림버스 컴퍼니
트리플레 - 점장님 E.G.O의 출시일 변경 안내
Notice of Delayed Release for Don Quixote's Telepole E.G.O
ドンキホーテ・管理従業員E.G.Oのリリース日の変更に関するご案内

안녕하세요. 관리자님.

이번주 목요일 출시 예정이었던 돈키호테 - 점장님 E.G.O의 패시브에
구현상 이슈가 있어 출시일이 변경되었습니다.
해당 E.G.O는 4/1 0:00 (KST)부터 추출 카탈로그에 추가될 예정입니다.

기대하셨던 관리자님께 사과의 말씀을 드립니다.

일정 변경으로 당황을 드린 점에 대하여 소정의 보상을 담아
보상을 지급해드리려고 합니다.

자세한 내용은 아래를 참고해주시면 감사드리겠습니다.

お陰様になっております、管理人様。

今週木曜日にリリース予定だったドン・キホーテ・管理従業員E.G.Oのパッシブに
実装上の問題があり、リリース日が変更になりました。
該当E.G.Oは4/1 0:00 (JST)より抽出リストに追加される予定です。

ご期待していたにもかかわらず、ご期待に応えられず申し訳ありません。

日程変更によって混乱を招いたことに対するお詫びとして、補償をご提供いたします。
詳細は以下よりご確認いただけますようろしくお願い申し上げます。

Greetings, Dear Manager.

The release of the E.G.O [Telepole] for Don Quixote,
originally planned to take place this Thursday,
has been postponed due to unexpected issues
with implementing its passive ability.
We expect to add it to the Extraction catalogue on April 1st, 0:00 (KST).

We would like to apologize to all our Executive Managers
who had made plans to utilize this new asset.

As compensation for the sudden change in schedule,
we are planning to provide a small recompense to all users.
Please refer below for more details.

PROJECT MOON
보상 아이템 지급 안내
Compensation
補償アイテム支給のご案内

보상: 루나시 x 300
일시: 3/23 (KST) 정기 업데이트 이후
- 계정당 1회 수령 가능

- 2023. 03. 30 09:59(KST)까지 게임 내 우편을 통해
  직접 보상을 회수하실 수 있습니다. (우편 수령 기간: 7일)

補償: 狼煙 x 300
日程: 3/23 (JST) 定期アップデート後
- アカウントにつき1回受取可能

- 2023. 03. 30 09:59(JST)まで、ゲーム内郵便を
  通じて補償を受け取ることが出来ます。(郵便受取期間: 7日)

Content: Lunacy x300
Date: Around the Mar 23 (KST) scheduled update
- Can be redeemed once per account

- You can claim the item through the in-game mail system
  until 2023 Mar 30 09:59 (KST). (Mail Validity Period: 7 days)

PROJECT MOON
LIMBUS COMPANY
*This image shows the E.G.O's specifications at its maximum Threadspin Tier.
*This image is for reference only; actual details subject to change.

Telepole

Don Quixote

HE

E.G.O INFO

F.G.O AWAKENING SKILL

- [On Hit] Gain Charge Count
- [Heads Hit] Give Charge Count to all allies by Envy Res.

F.G.O CORROSION SKILL

- [On Hit] Gain Charge Count and Rupture
- [Heads Hit] Give Charge Count, Fragile, and Rupture to all allies

E.G.O PASSIVE

Haphazard Discharge
At the start of the combat phase, a random ally with Charge gains +([Envy Abs. / 2) Charge Count

Charge
Resource used by certain skills for additional effects. Its Count can go up to 20. Count lowers by 1 at the end of each turn.

Rupture
When hit by an attack, take fixed damage by the effect's Potency. Then, reduce its Count by 1.

CAUTION CAUTION CAUTION CAUTION CAUTION CAUTION CAUTION

Copyright ⓒ 2023 All rights reserved by Project Moon

