

Notice of Schedule Change for Chapter 4

Greetings, Dear Manager.

The planned update for Chapter 4 has been postponed to June 1st, 2023 (KST). The reasons for the delay are as follows.

Our goal for Chapter 4 was to implement a longer story script and an increased number of stages compared to Chapter 3. However, we have noticed while testing and making adjustments to upcoming content, alongside developing the story and combat, that this process will take longer to complete than we initially anticipated. As such, we have determined that it will be unfeasible to prepare Chapter 4 in a satisfactory state under the current schedule.

In addition, voiceovers for the lengthened story of Chapter 4 are expected to take longer than initially planned. (Around 80k syllable blocks in Korean.) (The voiceover process is done in 4 steps: Writing the script, recording dialogue, selecting the best rendition from multiple samples, and creating finalized files.) Even if the voiceover were to be completed within our initial schedule, we have determined that the span of time will most likely be too short to ensure that our intended direction is reflected in the voice acting.

In order to secure a more stable work schedule and ensure that the quality is up to our standards, we have decided to delay the release of the update. It fills our hearts with great regret that we are unable to deliver the promised content for the initially announced date. We will make the most of our extended development time to craft Chapter 4 into an experience you will enjoy.

1/2

PROJECT MOON
Notice of Schedule Change for Chapter 4

To accommodate for the changed schedule, an event tied to a new feature, "Dante’s Notes", will take place between May 11th and June 1st (KST). In Dante’s Notes, you will be able to read the records on various points and keywords of the City’s setting observed and written from their perspective, which are updated as you progress through the story of Limbus Company and they see and experience more things.

You will be able to read up on a new keyword each day in Dante’s Notes during the event period.
We will let you know of further details in a future notice.

We thank you for your patience.

2/2

PROJECT MOON

