

Additional Issues Identified
After Nov. 30th Scheduled Update

Hello, this is Project Moon.

We have identified the following Issues
after the 1.29.0 Update after the Nov. 30th (Thu) Scheduled Update
Below are information regarding fixes that can be applied
via a hotfix and fixes that will be applied with a future update.

Issues to be fixed today

► [Additional] An issue where story CG from stages
that haven't been completed yet appear in loading screens

► [Additional] An issue where, in the EN version of the game,
the "Gathering Skull" Ego Gift did not show its descriptions properly

※ This issue occurred due to a data loading error,
and the fix for it will be deployed at 18:00 (KST).
Please note that additional downloads will occur with this fix.

► Canto V Adjusted Dungeon Difficulties
-Story Dungeon Floor 1: Lowered Boss enemy's Core and Part HP.
Lowered Part Resistances
-Story Dungeon Floor 2: Lowered a certain Abnormality's Part HP,
Defense Level, and Resistances. Additional Stagger threshold added
-Story Dungeon Floor 3: Lowered a powerful enemy's Core and
Part HP. Lowered Part Resistances. Lowered certain Skill Powers
-Story Dungeon Floor 3: Lowered Boss enemy's Core and Part HP.
Lowered Part Defense Level and Resistances.
Lowered certain Skill Powers and Offense Level

1/2

PROJECT MOON
Additional Issues Identified
After Nov. 30th Scheduled Update

Issues that will be fixed 
with Dec. 7th Scheduled Update

▶ An issue where 'Pierce Power Up' buff icon does not appear properly

▶ (iOS, Android) An issue where a certain E.G.O voiceline
does not play under certain conditions

▶ [Additional] An issue where some characters'
portraits loaded incorrectly in the Main Story
※ This issue occurred due to a data loading error,
and the fix for it will be deployed with the next Scheduled Update.

▶ [Additional] An issue where, in certain Abnormality Encounters of
Canto 5's story dungeon, certain summoned units were
sometimes unkillable
※ This issue occurred due to certain Abnormalities' Core deaths
occurring around the same time as the units were summoned.
The fix for this issue will be deployed with the next Scheduled Update.

Issues under investigation

▶ An issue where, in the Skill Chaining phase, the arrow part
of the chain does not properly load the relevant image resources
(Found on iOS 17)

▶ An issue where, in certain cutscenes,
the subtitles do not display properly (Found on iOS 17)

▶ An issue where, in certain cutscenes, a part of
the subtitles UI does not display properly (Found on Android)

We apologize for the inconvenience.

2/2

PROJECT MOON

