



July 13 New Content -
Mirror of Mirrors Hard Difficulty 2nd Notice

Greetings, dear manager.

With the July 13th, 2023 (KST) update, new content <Mirror of Mirrors Hard Difficulty(Mirror Dungeon 2 Hard)>, will be added to the game. In this post, we will describe the changes and additions that have been made since our last notice.

- Period: After July 13 12:00 (KST) Update
- Requirements: Clear Mirror of Mirrors (Mirror Dungeon 2) on Normal Difficulty
- Description: Play Mirror Dungeon 2 Hard to earn a large amount of Battle Pass XP!

NOTE

Please note that the Weekly Bonus is not reset upon this update. Managers seeking to apply the Weekly Bonus to "Mirror Dungeon Hard Rewards", please take care to not use up their Weekly Bonus between July 13th 6:00~9:59(KST)

1/4

PROJECT MOON
New Additions and Major Changes

▶ Starting Cost Adjusted

Starting Cost will be adjusted from 400 to 200.

▶ Deployment Cost Adjusted

At the start, at Shops, and at Rest Stops, 
Costs of all Identities under 3 stars will now be adjusted to 0.

<Intent>
Our goal was to encourage experimentation to enhance synergy 
between the current loadout, E.G.O Gifts, and Skill changes, 
while reducing anxiety caused by adjusting or rearranging the 
starting composition in the middle of a run.

2/4

PROJECT MOON
New Additions and Major Changes

▶ Unpredictable Future - Fixed Encounters
Shops and Rest Stops will now appear at fixed locations.
- Shops : First room of F2, First room of F4, First room of F5, and the room immediately before the Boss fight
- Rest Stop : First room of F3

<Intent>
There were instances in which Unpredictable Future prevented players from visiting a Shop, therefore making them unable to use their saved up Cost. This change was made to prevent such an occasion.

▶ Floor Buffs Adjusted
Buff effects applied to each floor will be adjusted based on difficulty.

▶ Floor-based Gift Rarity categorization
The Floor-based range of Gift Rarities will be adjusted.
- F1 ~ F3 : Rarity 1 ~ Rarity 2 E.G.O Gifts
- F4 ~ F5 : Rarity 3 ~ Rarity 5 E.G.O Gifts

3/4

PROJECT MOON
Lobotomy Corporation
LIMBUS COMPANY

New Additions and Major Changes
※ The following changes are applied to Mirror Dungeon 1, 2, and 2 Hard.

▶ Added an option to refuse an E.G.O Gift
An option to refuse an E.G.O Gift has been added.

▶ Cost gained and E.G.O Gift
spawn rate upon battle completion
Cost gained and E.G.O Gift spawn rate upon
battle completion will be adjusted as follows

Cost gained           E.G.O Gift
               spawn rate
Normal         25                5%
Encounter
Focused        30                75%
Encounter
Risky          50                35%
Encounter
Floor Boss     (Depends on Floor)    100%
               50~100

▶ E.G.O Gifts adjusted
The following E.G.O Gifts' tiers and effects
will be adjusted as follows.

<Milepost of Survival>
- Rarity : 3 → 2
- Effect : When moving to the next floor,
all Identities heal by 12.5% of Max HP, and gain 100 Cost.
→ When moving to the next floor,
all Identities heal by 8% of Max HP, and gain 87 Cost.
- Reason : If this Gift spawned on the 4th floor onward,
it would activate only once. Thus, its Rarity was lowered
and its effects adjusted accordingly.

<Lunar Memory>
- Rarity : 4 → 5
- Effect : All type and affinity resistances of enemies
(for Abnormalities, all Parts) change to 'Fatal.' → (Unchanged)
- Explanation : The gift's Rarity will now reflect its powerful
effects, and will now spawn less frequently.

4/4

PROJECT MOON

