



Emergency Maintenance Completion
Notice & Current State of Issues

Greetings, this is Project Moon.

We apologize for causing disturbance to your enjoyment of Refraction Railway Line 2 with this Emergency Maintenance so soon after its launch. The Emergency Maintenance will be completed at 2023.09.15 20:15 (KST).

Emergency Maintenance Completion Notice

[When]
After 2023.09.15 20:15 (KST)

[Fixes]
Fixed an issue regarding Slash, Pierce, Blunt DMG Up & Down effects

This notice will elaborate on the details of the Issue and inform you of our future plans of action regarding it. Please refer below for more information.

1/4

PROJECT MOON
Regarding the DMG Up & Down Effect Issue

We have identified an issue in which the DMG Up & Down effects were being applied incorrectly.
The details regarding the issue and its causes are as follows:

■ Detailed Information
-An issue where Slash, Pierce, and Blunt DMG Up & Down effects were making variations in 100% increments per 1 Potency (Ver. 1.21.0)

-Fixed an issue where the effects of “Empty Mark” did not work as intended:
“At the start of the turn, (4-48 Boss) gains 1 Protection and 1 Attack Power Up.
→
“At the start of the turn, gain 2 Bind and take +50% damage from (4-48 Boss)”

■ Cause of the Issue
There was a mistake when inputting the values in the process of making Refraction Railway Line 2 exclusive Buffs where multiple effects could be consolidated into a single buff

■ Issue Solution
The erroneously inputted values were corrected and will be applied via a hotfix to the current version(1.21.0) of the game

2/4

PROJECT MOON
Issue Follow-up and Compensation

We will take further caution when modifying data 
that could have a direct influence on your enjoyment of our content.

We have conducted an internal review on 
how to proceed with fairness in this circumstance, 
as an issue directly influencing Clear Records has occurred.

In this process, we have considered a complete 
reset of Refraction Railway Line 2 Clear Records as well. 
However, the fault of this issue lies on our end, 
and we believe that resetting the 
Clear Records may be unfair to the Managers 
depending on their individual circumstances. 
Also, deleting the entire Clear Records of many Managers 
who have been passionately playing the game since the release 
of the content may cause a sense of frustration and disappointment.

Considering the above points, we have decided to add 
additional rewards to the Refraction Railway Line 2 instead. 
Though the previous rewards and Clear Records will remain, 
we will add a new Banner and a new Business Card 
Deco to the rewards list. 

The new Banner and the new Business Card Deco will be unlocked 
with the Clear Records made after the emergency 
maintenance is completed.

We will take additional precautions to make sure 
that the same issue does not occur again. 
And if additional issues do occur, we promise to 
provide you with a swift response and notice.

Again, we sincerely apologize for causing disturbance 
to your enjoyment of our game with this issue.

3/4

PROJECT MOON
Refraction Railway Line 2 Additional Rewards

▩ Conditions
After 2023.09.15 20:15(KST), Start and complete Refraction Railway Line 2 with the following record -
"5 or more Cycle Counts, and 150 or less Total Turns".

▩ Rewards
1 New Banner & 1 New Business Card Deco

▩ Distributed
Mid-October, 2023

※ On 2023.09.18 (KST), We will post a new notice with the information regarding the new Banner and the new Business Card Deco designs.

Error Compensation

-Compensation : Lunacy x 500
-Recipients : All users whose
-accounts were created before September 28th, 2023 09:59
-Can be redeemed once per account
-Date : After September 15th, 2023 20:15(KST)

4/4

PROJECT MOON

