

Notice : Refraction Railway Line 2 Issues Hotfix & Reward Claim Issues

Greetings, Dear Manager.

We would like to inform you about the Refraction Railway Line 2 Issues Hotfix and the Reward Claim issues.

1. Issues Hotfix

We have identified an issue where, in Refraction Railway Line 2, including a Support Unit in your loadout caused some parts of the game to malfunction.

<Issue Details>
- An issue where E.G.O equipped by the Support Unit disappears
- An issue where, if a disappeared E.G.O is equipped in the Dashboard during a Refraction Railway Line 2 run, the game would not progress

<Issue Causes>
These issues occur when the player does not own the E.G.O equipped by the Support Unit

Since this issue can be corrected without submitting an update for review, the fix has been deployed with the Sep. 15th 10:00 (KST) hotfix.

If you’ve started a new run after 10:00 (KST), this issue will have been fixed.

If you are still in the middle of a run and the above issue continues to occur, You can forfeit your current Refraction Railway Line 2 run and start anew without this issue.

1/2

PROJECT MOON
Notice : Refraction Railway Line 2 Issues Hotfix & Reward Claim Issues

2. Reward Claim Issues
Around Sep. 15th at 10:00 (KST), the temporary pause on the Refraction Railway Line 2 Rewards Claim was lifted. This update requires approximately 400-500kb of additional download.
If you have not downloaded this update, it is possible that unlocked rewards may not show in your Lost & Found.
If that is the case, please restart the game and download the update, And verify in your Lost & Found that your rewards have been unlocked.

Also, if you enter the Refraction Railway Line 2 after downloading this update on your Title Screen but without restarting the game, it is possible that your progress may not show due to data initialization failure.
This issue is caused by the game not recognizing the updated data; please restart the game to fix this issue.

We will inform you of the list of additional issues to be fixed in the next Scheduled Update Notice.

We apologize for causing inconvenience to your enjoyment of our game.

2/2

PROJECT MOON

