


Notice : Our Upcoming Communication
Policy Changes Regarding In-game Issues

Greetings, this is Project Moon.

We would like to inform you about our communication policy regarding the in-game issues. We realize that many Managers must have felt great degree of frustration and confusion due to our lack of proper communication policy regarding the issues identified within our game. In order to address this problem, to no longer cause confusion to our Managers, we have decided to standardize our notice policies.

Please communicate with us via [limbussupport@projmoon.com] for issues occurring within the game.
While we are unable to provide a direct reply to all emails, we are constantly monitoring all inquiries that we receive.

The following is our communication
policy regarding the in-game issues.

1/2

PROJECT MOON
Notice: Our Upcoming Communication Policy Changes Regarding In-game Issues

※ Scheduled Updates will continue to be released on Thursdays.

1. Monday (KST) - Scheduled Update Patch Notes & Content Update Notice
From now on, Content Updates (Mirror Dungeons, Refraction Railways, Balancing Patches, etc) will be shared via a notice on Monday.
Prior to this, our Content Update Notices were posted on Fridays (KST), which led to confusion and frustration on our players' end over the weekend. Going forward, we will be responding to questions or misunderstandings regarding the contents of our Monday notices over the same week they are posted.

2. Same-day Response to In-game Issues
If serious in-game issues that cause adverse effects to the enjoyment of the game, such as fatal bugs, mislabeling issues, or stat issues occur, we will make sure to respond to and notify our players of them on the same day we recognize them. Although we may not be able to provide a fix for the issues on the same day we recognize them, we will communicate with our players that the issues have come to our attention, that we will be going through internal discussions regarding them, and provide solutions and an estimated fix deployment time as soon as we are able to do so.

3. Monday (KST) - Responses to Updated Contents' Difficulty and Enjoyment
If there are any issues regarding the updated contents' difficulty, balance, and enjoyment, we will provide official responses to them on the Scheduled Update Notice the upcoming Monday after the time of the update. We believe that it would be difficult for us to provide a same-day response to issues regarding difficulty, balance, and enjoyment as it would take some time for players to experience the content and for us to accurately assess how the update is received. We will take our time to properly assess the issues regarding difficulty, balance, and enjoyment and make a notice on the upcoming Monday’s Scheduled Notice.
If we are unable to provide an immediate solution, or if a related take time for us to plan proper changes to address the issue at hand, we will first notify you that we have recognized the issue. If our response to the said issue is delayed, we will notify the Managers as to why it is delayed and which part of the issue is causing the delay.

We aim to improve our communication with our Managers with the above 3 points in mind.

We again would like to inform you that, for bug reports and inquiries regarding in-game issues, our official window of communication is via limbussupport@projmoon.com.

2/2

PROJECT MOON

