

Apr 13 Scheduled Update Notice

Greetings, Dear Manager.

The server will enter maintenance from 10:00 [AM] through 12:00 [PM] on April 13th, 2023 (KST) for system optimizations and content updates.
Please make note of the maintenance schedule; we recommend that you refrain from entering combat or making in-app purchases and close the application before maintenance begins so that no data is lost.
Refer to below for details about the update.

Update Content

1. Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue where the chance for a unit's Speed to be the maximum value was abnormally low

- Fixed an issue where generating a defense skill and then canceling it next turn would remove the replaced skill

- Refraction Railway: Fixed an issue where multiple instances of the 'Heart of the Townsfolk' could be generated at the same time during the encounter with Kqej-1j-23

- Fixed an issue where the displayed damage value of a single coin with multiple hits was being shown as 1
(The actual damage is calculated and applied normally; this issue only affected the visual presentation.)

As one of the issues affected the Refraction Railway's gameplay, we would like to provide compensation to all players.
Refer further below for more details.

1/2

PROJECT MOON
Gameplay Error Compensation

x300

Content: Lunacy x300
Recipients: All users whose game account was created before
09:59 April 20th, 2023 (KST)

The mail's contents are valid to claim for 7 days.
Please redeem them within this timeframe.


Maintenance and Application Update Compensation

x300

Content: Lunacy x300
Recipients: All users whose game account was created before
09:59 April 20th, 2023 (KST)

The mail's contents are valid to claim for 7 days.
Please redeem them within this timeframe.

Notes

- Please update your game client to the newest version
on the respective store (Google Play/App Store/Steam).
  - Forcibly shutting down the game
while it is downloading resources may cause the download to fail,
so please be careful not to close the application during the download.
- You will not be able to play <Limbus Company> during maintenance.
Please understand.
  - The maintenance schedule may suddenly change
depending on the status of maintenance.
If such a change occurs, we will let you know in a follow-up notice.
  - A resource download may be prompted after the build update.
If you're using a mobile device,
it is recommended to proceed with a Wi-Fi connection.
  - If you're playing with a guest account,
we recommend that you link your account
with other platforms to prevent possible account loss.
  - The maintenance compensation will be provided once per account.
Please note that the distribution may be slow
due to network delays or other causes.
  - The update gifts are valid to claim for 7 days.
Please redeem them within this timeframe.

2/2

PROJECT MOON

