





March 21st Scheduled Update Notice

Greetings, Dear Manager.

The server will enter scheduled maintenance from 10:00 [AM] through 12:00 [PM] on Mar. 21st, 2024 (KST). Please make note of the maintenance schedule; we recommend that you refrain from entering combat or making in-app purchases and close the application before maintenance begins so that no data is lost. Please refer below for details about the update.

New Content

1. New Target Extraction - [New Target Extraction: Oufi Association South Section 3 Heathcliff] (Mar. 21st 12:00 ~ Apr. 4th 10:00 (KST))
Extraction rate increases for the following identity.
- 3★ : Oufi Association South Section 3 Heathcliff

2. Target Extraction [Target Extraction: Don Quixote] (Mar. 21st 12:00 ~ Apr. 4th 10:00 (KST))
The following Identities and E.G.O
will have increased odds of extraction.
- E.G.O [HE] : Telepole Don Quixote
- E.G.O [TETH] : Wishing Cairn Don Quixote
- 3★ : The Middle Little Sister Don Quixote, Cinq South Section 5 Director Don Quixote, W Corp. L3 Cleanup Agent Don Quixote
- 2★ : N Corp. Mittelhammer Don Quixote, Shi South Section 5 Director Don Quixote
- 1★ : LCB Sinner Don Quixote

3. New Identity Added
The following Identity is added to the list of extractable Identities.
- 3★ : Oufi Association South Section 3 Heathcliff

1/6

PROJECT MOON
Major Changes

1. Chapter 5.5 - [Yield My Flesh to Claim Their Bones] Event Closure
   Chapter 5.5 [Yield My Flesh to Claim Their Bones] will end on Mar. 21st at 10:00 (KST).
   Event currency cannot be obtained after the Mar. 21st Scheduled Update.
   Please note that Event Reward Exchange is open until Mar. 28th, 10:00 (KST), so please make sure to claim your rewards before then.
   Even after the event fully ends, you will be able to experience the Event combat Encounters and view its story anytime at the 
   Driverside and Theater - [Detour Tales].

2. Mirror Dungeon Normal Difficulty Changes
   We have adjusted Mirror Dungeon Normal Difficulty so that even after the [Yield My Flesh to Claim Their Bones] event closes,
   the Shop and Rest Stop nodes will continue to appear immediately before the final boss of the final floor.

3. Damage number visibility improved
   Now, each damage number will be accompanied by an icon indicating which Part the damage was dealt on.

4. Function to immediately move to the Inbox popup window from the Lunacy & Packs purchase confirmation window added
   A function to immediately open the Inbox upon purchasing Lunacy or Packs has been added.

2/6

PROJECT MOON
Major Changes

5. Account Unlinking Function Added
We have added a function to unlink accounts so that changes may be made to the linked accounts. Please refer to the below Steam Announcement for more information.
- [Posted Feb. 26th] Notice: Change Linked Accounts Function

<How to Unlink Accounts>
(1) [Settings] - [Accounts] - [Unlink Account] option will be activated when 2 or more of the following accounts are linked: Steam, Apple, or Google.

(2) Select the account you wish to unlink.

(3) Confirm that it is the account you wish to unlink, then input the text visible on the screen.

3/6

PROJECT MOON
Major Changes

(4) You will be returned to the Title Screen once account unlinking is complete.

Account Unlinked
[Date and time will be entered here]
Account unlinking complete. Returning to the title screen.
[Confirm]

(5) You will not be able to use the unlinking function for 180 days after the day you use the unlinking function.
Please note that the wait period between each unlinking is shared across all platforms.

(ex.) For an account linked to Steam, Apple, and Google, unlinking a Google account on Steam will prevent one from unlinking a Steam account on Apple for 180 days, and vice versa.

Select Account to Unlink
Current Account
Steam: [...]
Linked Accounts
Google: [...]
Can be unlinked after 2022.04.19.11:21 (KST).
[Cancel] [Confirm]

4/6

PROJECT MOON
Bug Fixes & Improvements

▶ Fixed an issue where the Blade Lineage Mentor Meursault's 'Yield My Flesh' Skill did not prevent him from getting staggered by Tremor Burst or raised Stagger thresholds

▶ Fixed an issue where Blade Lineage Mentor Meursault's Passive 'Swordplay of the Homeland' allowed him to survive the insta-death 'Karma' debuff from 'My Form Empties' Abnormality boss

▶ Fixed an issue in Focused Encounters where certain inputs would reduce the enemy's Attack Weight

▶ Fixed an issue where Kurokumo Clan Captain Jun's 'Rules of the Backstreets' Skill caused allies to heal HP instead of SP On Kill

▶ Fixed an issue where, after viewing a popup window from the Inbox popup window, clicking outside the window did not close the said popup window

▶ Fixed an issue where touching certain unoccupied areas in the Extraction or Dispenser UI caused it to not scroll properly

▶ Fixed an issue where 'Physical Training', a Starter Buff for the [Mirror of the Lake], worked as 'Damage Taken +30%' instead of 'Damage Taken -3%' as it is written

▶ Fixed an issue where a Team Loadout title named in certain circumstances lingers when editing Team Loadout in the Sinners Window

▶ Fixed an issue where Liu South Section 4 Director Rodion's Uptie 3 -> Uptie 4 changes UI showed the Defense Skill in the list

▶ Fixed an issue where, in the Story Dungeon clear results screen, level-ups for Identities that gained levels did not appear properly

5/6

PROJECT MOON
Maintenance & Application Update Compensation

x300

- Content: Lunacy x300
- Recipients: All users whose game accounts were created before 06:00 Mar. 28th, 2024 (KST)
- When: After Mar. 21st, 2024 (Thu) 12:00 (KST)
- Can be claimed once per account

Maintenance Compensation can be claimed until Mar. 28th (Thu) 2024, 06:00 (KST) via the in-game Mailbox. (Mail available for 7 days)

Notes

- Please update your game client to the newest version on the respective store (Google Play/App Store/Steam).
- Forcibly shutting down the game while it is downloading resources may cause the download to fail, so please be careful not to close the application during the download.
- You will not be able to play <Limbus Company> during maintenance. Please understand.
- The maintenance schedule may suddenly change depending on the status of maintenance. If such a change occurs, we will let you know in a follow-up notice.
- A resource download may be prompted after the build update. If you're using a mobile device, it is recommended to proceed with a Wi-Fi connection.
- If you're playing with a guest account, we recommend that you link your account with other platforms to prevent possible account loss.
- The maintenance compensation will be provided once per account. Please note that the distribution may be slow due to network delays or other causes.
- The update gifts are valid to claim for 7 days. Please redeem them within this timeframe.

Thank you.

6/6

PROJECT MOON

