



February 1st Scheduled Update Notice

Greetings, Dear Manager.

The server will enter scheduled maintenance from 10:00 [AM] through 12:00 [PM] on Feb 1st, 2024 (KST). Please make note of the maintenance schedule; we recommend that you refrain from entering combat or making in-app purchases and close the application before maintenance begins so that no data is lost.
Please refer below for details about the update.

New Content

1. New Content - Refraction Railway Line 3

- Unlock Conditions: Clear Main Story 5-36
※ Please refer to the Steam Announcements Page for more information.

2. Mini Episode Added

- Unlock Conditions: Clear Main Story 5.5(Intervall0 III-1)-12

1/4

PROJECT MOON
Major Changes

1. Refraction Railway Line 2 Closure

Any rewards you have not claimed from the Line 2 Lost & Found will be lost with the start of Refraction Railway Line 3. (Unclaimed rewards will not be delivered to your inbox either.)
If you are yet to claim your Line 2 rewards, please claim them before the Feb. 1st Scheduled Update.

2/4

PROJECT MOON
Bug Fixes & Improvements

▶ Fixed an issue where Bayonet Artierlly Crab's 'Shell Tackle!!!' Skill did not activate 'On Hit, inflict 3 Pierce Fragility next turn', but instead activated 'On Hit, inflict 3 Pierce Fragility this turn'

▶ Fixed an issue where, in Focused Encounters, achieving Resonance or Absolute Resonance with Defensive Skills did not show Resonance details UI

▶ Fixed an issue where certain Voicelines played at a lower volume than the average volume

▶ Fixed an issue where 'Summoned Unit - Flotsam' passive "Harden" did not activate

▶ Adjusted the camera focus timing when enemies are killed at Turn End by effects such as Burn

▶ Fixed an issue where, if all enemies are killed at Turn Start, clearing the Stage caused the Combat UI to linger

▶ Fixed an issue where an unvoiced Announcer's subtitles appeared only for a brief second

▶ E.G.O Gift - Fixed an issue where 'Black Sheet Music' effect 'When hitting an enemy with a Skill, inflict 5 Sinking Potency' did not activate properly
- Before: Activated only when the unit dealt HP damage On Hit
- After: Activates On Hit

▶ Adjusted Announcer voicelines in response to certain boss patterns in a certain encounter of Main Story 5-36

▶ Fixed an issue where the focused camera did not act properly at Turn Start & Turn End

▶ Fixed issues in Drive - Inferno - Mini Stories - The 2nd Walpurgis Night numbering
   (1) Changed 'MINI-1' to 'MINI-2'
   (2) Added the missing 'District 21' text on the map

▶ Adjusted placement of certain portrait resources
   (1) Dieci Association South Section 4 Hong Lu
   (2) Dieci Association South Section 4 Yi Sang

Known Issues

We are currently investigating the issue below.
We will inform you via a notice as soon as it is corrected.

▶ An issue where, in the 11th Station Encounter of
Refraction Railway Line 3, choosing to continue after Defeat (by team wipe) does not save the Encounter phase progress

We apologize for the inconvenience.

3/4

PROJECT MOON
Maintenance & Application Update Compensation

x300

- Content : Lunacy x300
- Recipients: All users whose game accounts were created before 10:00 Feb. 8th, 2024 (KST)
- When: After Feb. 1st, 2024 (Thu) 12:00 (KST)
- Can be claimed once per account

Maintenance Compensation can be claimed until Feb. 8th (Thu) 2024, 10:00 (KST) via the in-game Mailbox. (Mail available for 7 days)

Notes

- Please update your game client to the newest version on the respective store (Google Play/App Store/Steam).
- Forcibly shutting down the game while it is downloading resources may cause the download to fail, so please be careful not to close the application during the download.
- You will not be able to play <Limbus Company> during maintenance. Please understand.
- The maintenance schedule may suddenly change depending on the status of maintenance. If such a change occurs, we will let you know in a follow-up notice.
- A resource download may be prompted after the build update. If you're using a mobile device, it is recommended to proceed with a Wi-Fi connection.
- If you're playing with a guest account, we recommend that you link your account with other platforms to prevent possible account loss.
- The maintenance compensation will be provided once per account. Please note that the distribution may be slow due to network delays or other causes.
- The update gifts are valid to claim for 7 days. Please redeem them within this timeframe.

Thank you.

4/4

PROJECT MOON

