



May 2nd Scheduled Update Notice

Greetings Dear Manager.

The server will enter scheduled maintenance 
from 10:00 [AM] through 12:00 [PM] on May 2nd, 2024 (KST).
Please make note of the maintenance schedule; we recommend that 
you refrain from entering combat or making in-app purchases and 
close the application before maintenance begins 
so that no data is lost.
Please refer below for details about the update.

※ Note
Major changes to Mirror Dungeon systems 
will be deployed after the Scheduled Update.
Therefore, with the end of Scheduled Maintenance at 12:00, 
your Mirror Dungeon Weekly Bonus Count and your current 
Mirror Dungeon run progress will be reset.
Rewards for Mirror Dungeon runs that remain incomplete 
before May 2nd, 10:00 will become inaccessible 
with the progress reset, so please claim your rewards 
BEFORE the Scheduled Maintenance begins.

New Content

1. The 3rd Walpurgis Night Target Extraction
(May 2nd 2024, 12:00 ~ May 16th 2024, 10:00 (KST))
Extraction rate increases for the following identities, 
E.G.Os, and Announcers.
- Announcers : Yesod Announcer, Molar Office Announcer
- E.G.O [WAW] : Sanguine Desire Rodion
- E.G.O [HE] : Wingbeat Ishmael
- 3★ : Dawn Office Fixer Sinclair

2. Target Extraction [Ryōshū]
(May 2nd 2024, 12:00 ~ May 16th 2024, 10:00 (KST))
The following Identities and E.G.O 
will have increased odds of extraction.
- E.G.O [HE] : Red Eyes (Open) Ryōshū
- E.G.O [TETH] : Red Eyes Ryōshū
- 3★ : Edgar Family Chief Butler Ryōshū, 
W Corp. L3 Cleanup Agent Ryōshū, Kurokumo Clan Wakashu Ryōshū
- 2★ : Liu South Section 4 Ryōshū, 
LCCB Assistant Manager Ryōshū, Seven South Section 6 Ryōshū
- 1★ : LCB Sinner Ryōshū

1/4

PROJECT MOON
New Content

3. New Identities & E.G.O Added
The following Identities & E.G.O have been added
to the list of Identities & E.G.O.
- E.G.O [WAW] : Sanguine Desire Rodion
- E.G.O [HE] : Wingbeat Ishmael
- 3★: Dawn Office Fixer Sinclair

4. May 2nd New Content - The 3rd Walpurgis Night Event
※ Please refer to the Steam Announcement [May 2nd New Content -
The 3rd Walpurgis Night] for more information.

5. May 2nd New Content - Mirror of the Wuthering
※ Please refer to the Steam Announcement [May 2nd
New Content - Mirror of the Wuthering] for more information.

Major Changes

1. (KR Only) Manager Info Ticket Introductions
Automated Postposition Function Added

2/4

PROJECT MOON
Bug Fixes & Improvements

► Fixed an issue in Heathcliff E.G.O - Binds Corrosion Skill where its effect does not activate for the minimum amount of allies when not meeting the Sin Reson. condition.

► Fixed an issue where one of the effects of Edgar Family Chief Butler Ryōshū's Tier 4 Support Passive did not activate
Fixed Effect: When the ally that was deployed last wins a Clash, gain +1 Poise Count (3 times per turn)

► Fixed an issue where Stage 6-48 would become softlocked under a certain condition

► Fixed an issue in Stage 6-48 where, an effect that applies a certain buff after an Unopposed Attack, activated even after using a Defense Skill

► Fixed an issue where the E.G.O Gift - ‘Broken Compass’ applied additional Bind against enemies under certain circumstances

► Fixed an issue where certain effects of the E.G.O Gift 'T-1 Perpetual Motion Machine' did not activate for certain Identities' Skills
Effect: Next Turn Start: Each Identity gains (Total Charge Count consumed by Skill use/4) 'Offense Level'
Affected Identities
(1) Uptie 3 R Corp. 4th Pack Reindeer Ishmael's Skill 3 - Mind Whip
(2) Rosespanner Workshop Fixer Meursault's Skill 3 - Finishing Runup

► Improved SFX for the first move of Blade Lineage Salsu Faust's Skill 3

► (EN Only) Fixed Story cutscene typos

► Fixed an issue where selecting certain enemies would result in low-resolution Sprite illustrations

► Improved behavior of effect activation popups that appear over Skill UI & character sprites

3/4

PROJECT MOON
Maintenance & Application Update Compensation

x300

- Content: Lunacy x300
- Recipients: All users whose game accounts were created before 10:00 May 9th, 2024 (KST)
- When: After May 2nd, 2024 (Thu) 12:00 (KST)
- Can be claimed once per account

Maintenance Compensation can be claimed until May. 9th (Thu) 2024, 10:00 (KST) via the in-game Mailbox. (Mail available for 7 days)

Notes

- Please update your game client to the newest version on the respective store (Google Play/App Store/Steam).
- Forcibly shutting down the game while it is downloading resources may cause the download to fail, so please be careful not to close the application during the download.
- You will not be able to play <Limbus Company> during maintenance. Please understand.
- The maintenance schedule may suddenly change depending on the status of maintenance. If such a change occurs, we will let you know in a follow-up notice.
- A resource download may be prompted after the build update. If you're using a mobile device, it is recommended to proceed with a Wi-Fi connection.
- If you're playing with a guest account, we recommend that you link your account with other platforms to prevent possible account loss.
- The maintenance compensation will be provided once per account. Please note that the distribution may be slow due to network delays or other causes.
- The update gifts are valid to claim for 7 days. Please redeem them within this timeframe.

Thank you.

4/4

PROJECT MOON

