




April 18th Scheduled Update Notice

Greetings, Dear Manager.

The server will enter scheduled maintenance from 10:00 [AM] through 12:00 [PM] on Apr. 18th, 2024 (KST).
Please make note of the maintenance schedule; we recommend that you refrain from entering combat or making in-app purchases and close the application before maintenance begins so that no data is lost.

Please refer below for details about the update.

New Content

1. New Target Extraction - [New Target Extraction: Edgar Family Chief Butler Ryōshū & Butler Ishmael]
(Apr. 18th 12:00 ~ May 2nd 10:00 (KST))
Extraction rate increases for the following Identities
- 3★: Edgar Family Chief Butler Ryōshū
- 2★: Edgar Family Butler Ishmael

2. Target Extraction - [Target Extraction: Heathcliff]
(Apr. 18th 12:00 ~ May 2nd 10:00 (KST))
The following Identities and E.G.O will have increased odds of extraction.
- E.G.O [HE] : Ya Śūnyatā Tad Rūpam Heathcliff
- 3★: Oufi South Section 3 Heathcliff, The Pequod Harpooneer Heathcliff, Lobotomy E.G.O.::Sunshower Heathcliff, R Corp. 4th Pack Rabbit Heathcliff
- 2★: Seven South Section 4 Heathcliff, N Corp. Kleinhammer Heathcliff, Shi South Section 5 Heathcliff
- 1★: LCB Sinner Heathcliff

3. New Identities Added
The following Identities are added to the list of extractable Identities.
- 3★: Edgar Family Chief Butler Ryōshū
- 2★: Edgar Family Butler Ishmael

4. (Android, STEAM) Coupon Code Input UI Added
※ Please note that this function is currently not active; you cannot input codes to receive rewards yet.
We will notify you again when it becomes active.

1/5

PROJECT MOON
Bug Fixes & Improvements

► Fixed an issue where Don Quixote E.G.O
- Electric Screaming - Corrosion Skill did not work properly
- Before : [Before Attack] At less than 20 Charge Count, spend 1.5% (this is supposed to be 1%) of this unit's Max HP per missing Charge Count to raise Charge Count to 20
- After : [Before Attack] At less than 20 Charge Count, spend 1% of this unit's Max HP per missing Charge Count to raise Charge Count to 20

► An issue where Outis E.G.O - Binds Coin effect 'Tremor - Fracture' does not work as intended
- Before : The Count does not decrease after Turn End
- After : The Count decreases by 1 after Turn End

► Fixed an issue where Heathcliff E.G.O - Binds effects 'Before the King' and 'Before the King in Binds' did not work as intended
※ Please refer to the [Heathcliff Binds E.G.O Error Notice] posted April 12th for more details.

► Fixed an issue where raising the 'Breaking Heart' debuff to 3 value using the 'Lightning of Suffering' did not activate the Stagger effect

► Adjusted Stage 6-48 Boss Pattern
- Before : Boss Speed fixed to 7 during a certain Pattern
- After : Boss Speed is no longer fixed

► Fixed an issue where N Corp. Kleinhammer Heathcliff was missing a certain voiceline

2/5

PROJECT MOON
Bug Fixes & Improvements

▶ (EN Only) Fixed typos & translation mistakes
    (1) Parts of Chapter 6 <Part 3> Main Story texts

(2) Outis E.G.O - To Pathos Mathos Threadspinning Tier 4 Coin effect
- Before : [On Kill] Give 1 Attack Power Up to a random ally next turn
- After : [On Kill] Give 1 Damage Up to a random ally next turn

(3) Missing Skill description on Stage 6-45 enemy
- Where : Currently, the description appears as '!'
- Missing Desc : [On Use] If this unit’s Speed
is faster than the target’s, Clash Power +2

(4) Outis E.G.O - Binds - Awakening Skill description corrected
- Before : [After Attack] For the next 3 turns, lose 8 SP at every Turn End
- After : [After Attack] For 3 turns, lose 8 SP at Turn End

(5) Missing Skill description on Stage 6-48 enemy
- Before : [On Use] Apply 3 Attack Power Up and 3
Damage Up to all allies, including this unit
- After : [On Use] Apply 3 Attack Power Up and 3
Damage Up to all allies, including this unit next turn

▶ (EN Only) Fixed an issue where a certain
scene does not play as intended in 6-48

▶ Fixed an issue where certain texts don't appear at intended timings

▶ (JP Only) Fixed translation mistakes in parts of Chapter 6 <Part 3> Main Story scenes

▶ Fixed an issue where Don Quixote E.G.O -
Electric Screaming Awakening did not end at an intended timing

▶ Fixed an issue where a certain VFX for Wuthering Heights
Chief Butler Outis Skill - As Mistress Commands appeared at
an incorrect location

▶ Fixed an issue where Dieci South Section 4
Hong Lu's Sprite VFX did not disappear

▶ Announcer dialogue window improved: Now, when the text is too
long for the dialogue box, the box size will be adjusted accordingly

▶ (Steam) Fixed an issue where, under certain conditions,
the selection cursor did not appear in Focused Encounters when
attempting to chain Clashes

3/5

PROJECT MOON
Bug Fixes & Improvements

▶ Fixed an issue where the defensive 
Skill icons lingered over the Sinners' portraits

▶ Fixed an issue where moving from 'Edit Support Units' UI in the 
Manager Info-Company tab to 'Inventory' or 
'Shard::Thread Exchange' caused the screen to work incorrectly

▶ Fixed an issue where the dialogue box lingered 
even after choosing to hide the UI in Story mode

▶ Fixed an issue where, in the Refraction Railway, choosing to 
continue after the first party wipe caused the combat to softlock

▶ Fixed an issue where, in certain Story scenes, 
the Autoplay function stops working

▶ Fixed an issue where Sinner Ishmael's 
standing illustration appeared blurry

▶ Fixed an issue where the Main Identity Illustration 
switching popup window was inconsistently arranged

▶ Fixed an issue where Stage 6-46 Story 
scene showed incorrect Location

▶ An issue where, in Stage 6-44, 
post-Stage clear cutscene displays incorrect Sin colors 
- Before: Gloom
- After: Pride

Known Issues

▶ An issue where only the text for the Stage 6-45 EX Clear conditions, 
which was adjusted with the April 12th, 2024 Hotfix, was changed 
and the actual EX Clear conditions did not change
- Cause: The condition data was corrected, 
but the Hotfix contents were not actually applied to the server.

The above issue will be corrected as soon as they are applied 
to the server after 18:00 (KST) Today. No additional 
downloads or updates will occur.

We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience.

4/5

PROJECT MOON
Maintenance & Application Update Compensation

x300

- Content : Lunacy x300
- Recipients : All users whose game accounts were created before 10:00 Apr. 25th, 2024 (KST)
- When : After Apr. 18th, 2024 (Thu) 12:00 (KST)
- Can be claimed once per account

Maintenance Compensation can be claimed until Apr. 25th (Thu) 2024, 10:00 (KST) via the in-game Mailbox. (Mail available for 7 days)

Notes

- Please update your game client to the newest version on the respective store (Google Play/App Store/Steam).
- Forcibly shutting down the game while it is downloading resources may cause the download to fail, so please be careful not to close the application during the download.
- You will not be able to play <Limbus Company> during maintenance. Please understand.
- The maintenance schedule may suddenly change depending on the status of maintenance. If such a change occurs, we will let you know in a follow-up notice.
- A resource download may be prompted after the build update. If you're using a mobile device, it is recommended to proceed with a Wi-Fi connection.
- If you're playing with a guest account, we recommend that you link your account with other platforms to prevent possible account loss.
- The maintenance compensation will be provided once per account. Please note that the distribution may be slow due to network delays or other causes.
- The update gifts are valid to claim for 7 days. Please redeem them within this timeframe.

Thank you.

5/5

PROJECT MOON

