



January 25th Scheduled Update Notice

Greetings, Dear Manager.

The server will enter scheduled maintenance from 10:00 [AM] through 12:00 [PM] on Jan 25th, 2024 (KST).
Please make note of the maintenance schedule; we recommend that you refrain from entering combat or making in-app purchases and close the application before maintenance begins so that no data is lost.
Please refer below for details about the update.

New Content

1. New Target Extraction - [New Target Extraction: Dieci South Section 4 Hong Lu & Yi Sang]
(Jan. 25th 12:00 ~ Feb. 8th 10:00 (KST))
Extraction rate increases for the following identities.
- 3★: Dieci South Section 4 Hong Lu
- 2★: Dieci South Section 4 Yi Sang

2. [Target Extraction: Sinclair]
(Jan. 25th 12:00 ~ Feb. 8th 10:00 (KST))
The following Identities and E.G.O will have increased odds of extraction.
- E.G.O [HE]: Lantern Sinclair
- 3★: Cinq South Section 4 Director Sinclair, The One Who Shall Grip Sinclair, Blade Lineage Salsu Sinclair
- 2★: Lobotomy E.G.O.:: Red Sheet Sinclair, Los Mariachis Jefe Sinclair, Zwei South Section 6 Sinclair
- 1★: LCB Sinner Sinclair

3. New Identities added
The following are added to the list of extractable Identities.
- 3★: Dieci South Section 4 Hong Lu
- 2★: Dieci South Section 4 Yi Sang

1/4

PROJECT MOON
Major Changes

1. Chapter 5.5 - [Miracle in District 20] Event Closure
Chapter 5.5 - [Miracle in District 20] Event will end on Jan. 25th, 10:00 (KST).

Event rewards can be claimed up to Feb. 1st 10:00 (KST), so please make sure to claim your rewards within that time.

Even after the event fully ends, you will be able to experience the Event combat Encounters and view its story anytime at the Driverside and Theater - [Detour Tales].

2. Walpurgis Night - [The Dawn of Green] Event Closure
Walpurgis Night - [The Dawn of Green] Event will end on Jan. 25th, 10:00 (KST).

Event rewards can be claimed up to Feb. 1st 10:00 (KST), so please make sure to claim your rewards within that time.

Even after the event fully ends, you will be able to experience the Event combat Encounters and view its story anytime at the Driverside and Theater - [Detour Tales].

Please note that, however, that Event combat Encounter will become accessible again only after Feb. 1st Scheduled Update.

2/4

PROJECT MOON
Bug Fixes & Improvements

▶ Fixed an issue where The Pequod First Mate Yi Sang's Skill 2 'Relentless Stabbing' Coin Reuse effect activated even when the target evaded successfully

▶ Fixed an issue where LCB Sinner Don Quixote's Support Passive 'Support' activation UI did not appear

▶ Fixed an issue where, under certain circumstances, relevant status effect UI was duplicated

▶ Fixed an issue where the players could not progress in the Refraction Railway when all allies were defeated.

▶ Fixed an issue where an enemy Skill 'Shell Tackle!' effect [Inflict {Attack Type} Fragility] did not activate properly
- Affected enemies
1) Sharp Trash Crab - Inflict 1 Slash Fragility
2) Hard Trash Crab - Inflict 1 Blunt Fragility
3) Pointy Trash Crab - Inflict 1 Pierce Fragility

▶ Fixed an issue where, under specific circumstances, allies & enemy sprites were moved to unintended locations on the map

▶ Fixed an issue where, in the Mirror Dungeon 3 E.G.O Gift Compendium, clicking the already selected E.G.O Gift made the selection highlight disappear

▶ Fixed an issue where, in the [Manager] menu or when selecting the main Identity in the Window, categorizing by Identities from Walpurgis Night did not include the Identities from this Walpurgis Night
- Affected Identities : Lobotomy E.G.O::Magic Bullet Outis, Lobotomy E.G.O::Lantern Don Quixote

▶ Fixed an issue where entering then exiting 'The Dawn of Green' loadout menu, then entering the Refraction Railway loadout menu caused the [Control Team Captain] buff UI to linger

Known Issues after Jan. 25th Scheduled Update

The below issues are currently known, and we are investigating solutions to each issue.
We will notify you via a notice as soon as they are corrected.

▶ An issue where, in the Mirror Dungeon Team Loadout menu, Sinners with Event Currency Up E.G.O shows the relevant buff icon
※ Because Event Currencies cannot be obtained after the Event Closure, this effect/buff will no longer apply.

3/4

PROJECT MOON
Maintenance & Application Update Compensation

x300

- Content: Lunacy x300
- Recipients: All users whose game accounts were created before 10:00 Feb. 1st, 2024 (KST)
- When: After Jan 25th, 2024 (Thu) 12:00 (KST)
  - Can be claimed once per account

Maintenance Compensation can be claimed until Feb. 1st (Thu) 2024, 10:00 (KST) via the in-game Mailbox. (Mail available for 7 days)

Notes

- Please update your game client to the newest version on the respective store (Google Play/App Store/Steam).
- Forcibly shutting down the game while it is downloading resources may cause the download to fail, so please be careful not to close the application during the download.
- You will not be able to play <Limbus Company> during maintenance. Please understand.
- The maintenance schedule may suddenly change depending on the status of maintenance. If such a change occurs, we will let you know in a follow-up notice.
- A resource download may be prompted after the build update. If you're using a mobile device, it is recommended to proceed with a Wi-Fi connection.
- If you're playing with a guest account, we recommend that you link your account with other platforms to prevent possible account loss.
- The maintenance compensation will be provided once per account. Please note that the distribution may be slow due to network delays or other causes.
- The update gifts are valid to claim for 7 days. Please redeem them within this timeframe.

Thank you.

4/4

PROJECT MOON

