


February 8th Scheduled Update Notice

Greetings, Dear Manager.

The server will enter scheduled maintenance from 10:00 [AM] through 12:00 [PM] on Feb 8th, 2024 (KST).
Please make note of the maintenance schedule; we recommend that you refrain from entering combat or making in-app purchases and close the application before maintenance begins so that no data is lost.
Please refer below for details about the update.

New Content

1. New Target Extraction -
[New Target Extraction: The Pequod Captain Ishmael]
(Feb. 8th 12:00 ~ Feb. 22nd 10:00 (KST))
Extraction rate increases for the following identity.
- 3★: The Pequod Captain Ishmael

2. [Target Extraction: Gregor]
(Feb. 8th 12:00 ~ Feb. 22nd 10:00 (KST))
The following Identities and E.G.O will have increased odds of extraction.
- E.G.O [TETH] : Lantern Gregor
- 3★: Twinhook Pirates First Mate Gregor, Zwei South Section 4 Gregor, G Corp. Manager Corporal Gregor
- 2★: Rosesspanner Workshop Fixer Gregor, Liu South Section 6 Gregor
- 1★: LCB Sinner Gregor

3. New Identity Added
The following is added to the list of extractable Identities.
- 3★: The Pequod Captain Ishmael

1/3

PROJECT MOON
Bug Fixes & Improvements

▶ [Refraction Railway Line 3 - Station #11: Gaslight]
Added a function to save phase progress in the Station
(Fixed an issue where the phase progress didn't 
save when choosing to continue after a team wipe)

▶ Fixed an issue where Sinclair E.G.O. - 9:2 Skill
effect did not activate as intended
Issue: Atk Weight calculation based on 
# of Lust Reson. did not activate at the intended timing
- Before: Combat Start
- After: Immediately Before Attack
※ Atk Weight gain calculation activating at Combat Start caused an
issue where corrosion mid-combat caused the Skill effect to not
apply Atk Weight gain. This issue has been corrected accordingly so 
that the Skill effect will activate even if the 
corrosion occurs mid-combat.

▶ Fixed an issue where certain Abnormalities'
special patterns did not activate as intended

▶ Fixed an issue where Mirror Dungeon 3 - Hard - Abnormality -
Shock Centipede did not trigger the Abnormality choice event

▶ Improved certain Identities' Clash VFX: different VFX will play
depending on the number of Heads or Tails flipped
- Plus Coins: Improved Clash Win VFX when winning a 
clash with majority Heads coins
- Minus Coins: Improved Clash Win VFX when winning a
clash with majority Tails coins

▶ Fixed an issue where, in Rest Stations of Refraction Railway Line 3, 
viewing Detailed Identity info caused Sin 
Resistances dummy data to show

▶ Fixed an issue where, when viewing story cutscenes, full-body
illustrations of characters did not show under specific circumstances

▶ Fixed an issue where attempting to enter the Refraction Railway 
immediately after viewing Mirror Dungeon 3 Progress 
Result screen caused the game to soft-lock

▶ Fixed an issue where viewing Refraction Railway 
Logs in certain environments caused UI to break

▶ Fixed an issue where choosing to listen to an un-obtained
Announcer voice sample caused the button colors to change

▶ Fixed an issue where, in certain encounters, 
resource rendering did not work properly

▶ (EN Only) Fixed an issue where Dieci South Section 
4 Hong Lu's Skill 1 Coin 1 activation condition was incorrectly labeled

2/3

PROJECT MOON
Maintenance & Application Update Compensation

x300

- Content: Lunacy x300
- Recipients: All users whose game accounts were created before 10:00 Feb. 15th, 2024 (KST)
- When: After Feb 8th, 2024 (Thu) 12:00 (KST)
- Can be claimed once per account

Maintenance Compensation can be claimed until Feb. 15th (Thu) 2024, 10:00 (KST) via the in-game Mailbox. (Mail available for 7 days)

Notes

- Please update your game client to the newest version on the respective store (Google Play/App Store/Steam).
- Forcibly shutting down the game while it is downloading resources may cause the download to fail, so please be careful not to close the application during the download.
- You will not be able to play <Limbus Company> during maintenance. Please understand.
- The maintenance schedule may suddenly change depending on the status of maintenance. If such a change occurs, we will let you know in a follow-up notice.
- A resource download may be prompted after the build update. If you're using a mobile device, it is recommended to proceed with a Wi-Fi connection.
- If you're playing with a guest account, we recommend that you link your account with other platforms to prevent possible account loss.
- The maintenance compensation will be provided once per account. Please note that the distribution may be slow due to network delays or other causes.
- The update gifts are valid to claim for 7 days. Please redeem them within this timeframe.

Thank you.

3/3

PROJECT MOON

