



[Fixed] Feb. 29th Scheduled Update Notice

Greetings, Dear Manager.

The server will enter scheduled maintenance from 10:00 [AM] through 12:00 [PM] on Feb. 29th, 2024 (KST).

Please make note of the maintenance schedule; we recommend that you refrain from entering combat or making in-app purchases and close the application before maintenance begins so that no data is lost.

Please refer below for details about the update.

✖ We have added a missing bug fix item for the following E.G.O Gift: Lucky Pouch

1/4

PROJECT MOON
Bug Fixes & Improvements

► Fixed an issue where the game soft-locks
when the enemy is defeated under specific circumstances

► Fixed an issue where the game lagged
when opening and closing pop-up windows

► Improved activation conditions for
E.G.O Gifts Coupled Oscillation and Lucky Pouch
    (1) Coupled Oscillation
    - Before: Encounter Start: This Gift activates when 5 or more
      Identities have Attack Skills that apply Tremor Potency.
    - After: Encounter Start: This Gift activates when 5 or more Identities
      have Attack Skills that apply Tremor Potency or Count.
      ※ (This does not activate when the Identity
      gains Tremor Count on Self)

    (2) Lucky Pouch
    - Before: Encounter Start: This Gift activates when 5 or more
      Identities have Attack Skills that gain Poise Potency or Count.
    - After: Encounter Start: This Gift activates when 5 or more Identities
      have Attack Skills that gain or apply Poise Potency or Count.

► [Added] E.G.O Gift Lucky Pouch Activation Effect Improved
- Before: Skill 3 of Identities with Skills that gain Poise Potency:
  Final Power +3, Coin Power +(12/# of Coins),
  damage dealt +(50/# of Coins)%.
- After: Skill 3 of Identities with Skills that gain Poise Potency
  or Count: Final Power +3, Coin Power +(12/# of Coins),
  damage dealt +(50/# of Coins)%.

► [Added] E.G.O Gift Lucky Pouch Error Fixed
Fixed an issue where the effect 'Combat Start: If a random ally
with Poise Critical Hits on an enemy with a Skill,
all allies gain 7 Poise Potency and +7 Poise Count
at the next Turn Start' did not activate properly
    - Before: Activated only on Identities
      with Poise that gain Poise Potency
    - After: Activates on all Identities with Poise

► Fixed an issue where the Rest Stop wasn't added in front of the
Mirror Dungeon Normal Difficulty final boss room
of the last floor (As it was stated to be in the
Yield My Flesh to Claim Their Bones Event Guide)

► Fixed typos in the Yield My Flesh to Claim Their Bones event

► Fixed an issue where the event was labeled
'Miracle in District 20' on the last page of the Yield My Flesh to
Claim Their Bones event tutorial page

2/4

PROJECT MOON
Bug Fixes & Improvements

▶ Fixed an issue where the font color code appeared in the Yield My Flesh to Claim Their Bones reward exchange menu

▶ Fixed an issue where a certain Yield My Flesh to Claim Their Bones event VFX did not apply to a certain Identity - W Corp. L3 Cleanup Agent Ryōshū

▶ (EN Only) Fixed an issue where Yield My Flesh to Claim Their Bones Ticket Deco item names were longer than the text box layout

▶ Fixed an issue where entering Hell's Chicken or Yield My Flesh to Claim Their Bones event dungeon triggered [Pass Missions - Enter the Mirror Dungeon 1 time(s)]

▶ Fixed an issue where Ryōshū E.G.O - 4th Match Flame did not show the Sinner E.G.O Sprite

▶ Fixed an issue where certain VFX resources did not load during a story cutscene in Stage 5-36

▶ Fixed an issue where, in the combat results screen, the Illustration Animation did not appear properly

▶ Fixed an issue where friends' levels updated only up to Lv.127 in the list of Friends

▶ Changed 'Confirm' button to 'Purchase' button in the Paid Items Shop

▶ Fixed the Coin number label in Canto 3 Final Boss Skill - 'Cackle'

▶ Fixed an issue where, when viewing detailed information on each Identity, the right end of the Illustration Animation did not appear properly

▶ Fixed an issue where enemy placement in Chapter 4.5 did not appear properly

▶ Improved Yield My Flesh to Claim Their Bones Stages UI in the Mirror Dungeon to show the amount of obtainable event currency for each stage

Known Issues

▶ An issue where the Identity Takeoff Ticket popup window does not close properly

▶ An issue where chains in the Identity or E.G.O Uptie/Threadspin Tier upgrade cutscenes does not break on intended timings

3/4

PROJECT MOON
Maintenance & Application Update Compensation

x300

- Content: Lunacy x300
- Recipients: All users whose game accounts were created before 
  10:00 Mar. 7th, 2024 (KST)
  - When: After Feb. 29th, 2024 (Thu) 12:00 (KST)
  - Can be claimed once per account

Maintenance Compensation can be claimed until Mar. 7th (Thu) 2024, 10:00 (KST) via the in-game Mailbox. (Mail available for 7 days)

Notes

- Please update your game client to the newest version on the respective store (Google Play/App Store/Steam).
- Forcibly shutting down the game while it is downloading resources may cause the download to fail, so please be careful not to close the application during the download.
- You will not be able to play <Limbus Company> during maintenance. Please understand.
- The maintenance schedule may suddenly change depending on the status of maintenance. If such a change occurs, we will let you know in a follow-up notice.
- A resource download may be prompted after the build update. If you're using a mobile device, it is recommended to proceed with a Wi-Fi connection.
- If you're playing with a guest account, we recommend that you link your account with other platforms to prevent possible account loss.
- The maintenance compensation will be provided once per account. Please note that the distribution may be slow due to network delays or other causes.
- The update gifts are valid to claim for 7 days. Please redeem them within this timeframe.

Thank you.

4/4

PROJECT MOON

