




Feb. 22nd Scheduled Update Notice

Greetings, Dear Manager.

The server will enter scheduled maintenance from 
09:30 [AM] through 12:00 [PM] on Feb. 22nd, 2024 (KST). 
Please make note of the maintenance schedule; we recommend
that you refrain from entering combat or making in-app 
purchases and close the application before maintenance 
begins so that no data is lost.
Please refer below for details about the update.

New Content

1. New Target Extraction [Yield My Flesh to Claim Their Bones]
(Feb. 22nd 12:00 ~ Mar. 7th 10:00 (KST))
Extraction rate increases for the following Identities.
- 3* : Blade Lineage Mentor Meursault, Blade Lineage Salsu Faust
- 2* : Kurokumo Clan Captain Gregor

2. Target Extraction [Hong Lu]
(Feb. 22nd 12:00 ~ Mar. 7th 10:00 (KST))
Extraction rate increases for the following Identities & E.G.O.
- E.G.O [HE] : Dimension Shredder Hong Lu
- 3* : Dieci South Section 4 Hong Lu, K Corp. Class 3 Excision 
Staff Hong Lu, TingTang Gang Gangleader Hong Lu
- 2* : W Corp. L2 Cleanup Agent Hong Lu, Liu South 
Section 5 Hong Lu, Kurokumo Clan Wakashu Hong Lu
- 1* : LCB Sinner Hong Lu

3. New Identities added
The following are added to the list of extractable Identities.
- 3* : Blade Lineage Mentor Meursault, Blade Lineage Salsu Faust
- 2* : Kurokumo Clan Captain Gregor

4. New Content - Chapter 5.5 - [Yield My Flesh to Claim Their Bones]
※ Please refer to the Steam Announcements
page for more information.

5. New Event - [1st Anniversary Event]
※ Please refer to the Steam Announcements
page for more information.

1/5

PROJECT MOON
Major Changes

1. Packs Shop Adjustments

- New Shop tab added : [Packs Shop #2] will be added to the game. There, you can purchase the [1st Anniversary Package] purchasable with Paid Lunacy.
- Packs re-organized : The Packs list has been re-ordered so that Monthly Packs and Weekly Packs are more easily distinguishable.
※ Packs Shop renewal is currently in the plans; we plan to finish it by Season 4.

2. Adjusted Season End Date in the in-game UI

Season 3 Pass end date will be changed to 'Until Season 4 Update', and the relevant UI elements will be adjusted accordingly.

3. Chapter 3.5 - Hell's Chicken Dungeon Adjusted

The dungeon in Chapter 5.5 - Yield My Flesh to Claim Their Bones has been created based on Season 3's Mirror Dungeon. Therefore, the Chapter 3.5 Dungeon will be adjusted accordingly.
- Before : Based on the Season 1 Mirror Dungeon System
- After : Based on the Season 3 Mirror Dungeon System

Mirror of the Lake Starter Buffs do not apply in Hell's Chicken Dungeon. Instead, the following will be applied at the start.
▷ Starting E.G.O Gifts
- Gift Appearance Rates : The same as unlocking 'A Journey's Start' and all of its secondary Buffs
- Starting E.G.O Gift for each category : 3
- Appearing Gifts : Hell's Chicken exclusive E.G.O Gifts +
All Mirror Dungeon E.G.O Gifts

▷ Shops
- Gift Appearance Rates : The same as unlocking 'Seize the Opportunity' (Floor 4~5 Rates) and all of its secondary Buffs
- Gifts on Display per Visit : 5 Gifts

These are identical to unlocking [A Journey's Start], [Fruits of Labor], [New Discovery], [Seize the Opportunity(Floor 4~5 Rates)], and [Just In Case] Starter Buffs down to the Secondary Buffs.

2/5

PROJECT MOON
Bug Fixes & Improvements

▶️ Adjusted Blade Lineage Salsu Yi Sang and
Twinhook Pirates First Mate Gregor's Crit Damage text
- Before : +N% Damage on Critical Hit
- After : +N% Damage on Critical Hit (Translation unchanged)
(※ The actual effects are unchanged.)

▶️ Fixed an issue where, when a Sinner is defeated by the
Abnormality Dream-Devouring Siltcurrent's 'Blind Obsession' Skill,
the death Sprite showed the Sinner on Standby

▶️ Fixed an issue where certain conditions did
not trigger the corresponding Announcer Voice lines
(1) Turn Start after an allied unit takes a powerful blow
(2) Turn Start after an enemy takes a powerful blow

▶️ Fixed an issue where certain Focused Encounters, such as
Thread Luxcavations, did not display the Enemy Resistance info

▶️ Fixed an issue where certain enemies in Refraction Railway Line 3
had their Resistances unlocked, but the Skill UI Resistance
summary info on the upper end of the screen UI did
not display when in the chaining phase

▶️ Fixed an issue in Focused Encounters where, if the player chose
the Win Rate or the Damage auto Skill select function,
Skills that spend Ammo did not show the [!No Ammo!]
notification when out of Ammo

▶️ Fixed an issue where, in certain conditions,
the text for certain effects did not display
(1) After Attack for each Coin
(2) On Evade

▶️ Fixed an issue where certain Identities did not play
the VFX when successfully destroying an enemy Coin
(1) Dieci South Section 4 Rodion
(2) Dieci South Section 4 Hong Lu

▶️ Fixed an issue where The Pequod Captain
Ishmael's Skill animation did not activate properly
(1) For Skill 2 and 3: the animation for the
remaining Coins did not play in an intended manner
(2) For Skill 3: When losing a clash in the middle of a
special Clash animation, the Clash animation ended prematurely

▶️ Identity Title Adjusted
- Blade Lineage Cutthroat Outis -> Blade Lineage Salsu Outis

▶️ Added acquisition animation
for purchasing Announcers from the Dispenser

▶️ Improved swiping responsiveness
in the Extraction & Event Banner in the Window

3/5

PROJECT MOON
Known Issues

► An issue where activating the [On Use] Skill effects did not display the proper UI texts in Combat

► An issue where starting combat in certain Focused Encounters would soft-lock the game

Issues identified after the Feb. 22nd Scheduled Update

► An issue where a VFX does not apply for a certain Identity in the [Yield My Flesh to Claim Their Bones] Stages
- W Corp. L3 Cleanup Agent Ryōshū

► An issue where inputting the number of exchange items in the event Reward Exchange shows the font color codes
※ This does not affect Reward Exchange via inputting numbers

► An issue where, if the player switches to a different menu (e.g. Window) while loading into the event Stage, the two menus overlap

4/5

PROJECT MOON
Maintenance & Application Update Compensation

x300

- Content: Lunacy x300
- Recipients: All users whose game accounts were created before 10:00 Feb. 29th, 2024 (KST)
- When: After Feb. 22nd, 2024 (Thu) 12:00 (KST)
- Can be claimed once per account

Maintenance Compensation can be claimed until Feb. 29th (Thu) 2024, 10:00 (KST) via the in-game Mailbox. (Mail available for 7 days)

Notes

- Please update your game client to the newest version on the respective store (Google Play/App Store/Steam).
- Forcibly shutting down the game while it is downloading resources may cause the download to fail, so please be careful not to close the application during the download.
- You will not be able to play <Limbus Company> during maintenance. Please understand.
- The maintenance schedule may suddenly change depending on the status of maintenance. If such a change occurs, we will let you know in a follow-up notice.
- A resource download may be prompted after the build update. If you're using a mobile device, it is recommended to proceed with a Wi-Fi connection.
- If you're playing with a guest account, we recommend that you link your account with other platforms to prevent possible account loss.
- The maintenance compensation will be provided once per account. Please note that the distribution may be slow due to network delays or other causes.
- The update gifts are valid to claim for 7 days. Please redeem them within this timeframe.

Thank you.

5/5

PROJECT MOON

