




March 14th Scheduled Update Notice

Greetings, Dear Manager.

The server will enter scheduled maintenance from 10:00 [AM] through 12:00 [PM] on Mar. 14th, 2024 (KST). Please make note of the maintenance schedule; we recommend that you refrain from entering combat or making in-app purchases and close the application before maintenance begins so that no data is lost.
Please refer below for details about the update.

New Content

1. New E.G.O Target Extraction - [New E.G.O Target Extraction: Garden of Thorns Gregor] (Mar. 14th 12:00 ~ Mar. 28th 06:00 (KST))
Extraction rate increases for the following E.G.O
- WAW : Garden of Thorns Gregor
※ Please note that Garden of Thorns Gregor is categorized as a Season 3 E.G.O.

2. New E.G.O Added
The following E.G.O is added to the list of extractable E.G.O.
- WAW : Garden of Thorns Gregor

3. New Mini Episode / Dante's Notes added
With the Mar. 14th (KST) Scheduled Update, a new Mini Episode will be added to the game. With that, additional records will be added to Dante's Notes.
※ Unlock Condition : Clear Main Story 5.5-24
(The final stage of Yield My Flesh to Claim Their Bones)

1/5

PROJECT MOON
Major Changes

1. Added a function to view Identity and E.G.O stats and skill text by Uptie & Threadspinning Tiers in the preview UI in Extraction or Dispenser menus

2. Added the Refraction Railway Line 3 Mini Episode to the Driverside menu

2/5

PROJECT MOON
Bug Fixes & Improvements

► Fixed an issue where the Coin 2 effect of K Corp. Class 3 Staff Skill 'Forbid Entry' does not activate properly
※ Currently, the effect "Deal bonus damage by target’s Rupture Potency times its Count" activates as "Deal bonus damage by target's Rupture Potency".
We have adjusted the Coin effect text to match its actual effects.

► Fixed an issue where, in Focused Encounters, Clash result predictions displayed & calculated with expected damage instead of Clash Power

► Fixed an issue where certain VFX did not display properly

► Fixed an issue where the transparency vfx on certain Identities' Skills did not display properly

► Fixed an issue where, in the Uptie & Threadspinning popup windows, the keyword tooltips would appear behind the popup windows in rare occasions

► Fixed an issue where, if the player views the Identity stats through the Identity acquisition UI, then views the Identity stats in the Sinners window, the Illustration would appear misplaced

► Conduction optimizations on certain graphic rendering aspects that caused performance issues

► Fixed an issue where the in-combat Announcer UI appeared incorrectly under certain conditions

3/5

PROJECT MOON
Known Issues

▶ Blade Lineage Mentor Meursault - an issue where the 'Yield My Flesh' Skill does not prevent this unit from being staggered by Tremor Burst or Raise Stagger Threshold effects
✖ This issue will be corrected with the Mar. 21st (KST) Scheduled Update. We sincerely apologize for the delayed fix to this issue.

▶ An issue where a Team Loadout title named in certain circumstances lingers when editing Team Loadout in the Sinners Window

▶ An issue where, if an additional popup window appears on top of the Inbox popup window, touching outside the popup window doesn't close the popup window
   ▶ (Android) A resource rendering issue in the Golden Bough retrieval cutscene

▶ An issue where, upon activating Blade Lineage Mentor Meursault's Passive, he could ignore the Karma debuff's insta-death once

Known Issues after Mar. 14th (KST) Scheduled Update

▶ An issue where switching the view between Uptie and Threadspinning tiers in the Extraction or Dispenser Identity and E.G.O stat preview UI causes the previous screen to flash briefly

The above issue will be corrected with a future Scheduled Update. We will inform you as soon as they are fixed in each corresponding Scheduled Update Notices.

We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience.

4/5

PROJECT MOON
Maintenance & Application Update Compensation

x300

- Content: Lunacy x300
- Recipients: All users whose game accounts were created before 10:00 Mar. 21st, 2024 (KST)
- When: After Mar. 14th, 2024 (Thu) 12:00 (KST)
- Can be claimed once per account

Maintenance Compensation can be claimed until Mar. 21st (Thu) 2024, 10:00 (KST) via the in-game Mailbox. (Mail available for 7 days)

Notes

- Please update your game client to the newest version on the respective store (Google Play/App Store/Steam).
- Forcibly shutting down the game while it is downloading resources may cause the download to fail, so please be careful not to close the application during the download.
- You will not be able to play <Limbus Company> during maintenance. Please understand.
- The maintenance schedule may suddenly change depending on the status of maintenance. If such a change occurs, we will let you know in a follow-up notice.
- A resource download may be prompted after the build update. If you're using a mobile device, it is recommended to proceed with a Wi-Fi connection.
- If you're playing with a guest account, we recommend that you link your account with other platforms to prevent possible account loss.
- The maintenance compensation will be provided once per account. Please note that the distribution may be slow due to network delays or other causes.
- The update gifts are valid to claim for 7 days. Please redeem them within this timeframe.

Thank you.

5/5

PROJECT MOON

