



January 4th, 2024 Scheduled Update Notice

Greetings, Dear Manager.

The server will enter scheduled maintenance from 10:00 [AM] through 12:00 [PM] on Jan 4th, 2024 (KST). Please make note of the maintenance schedule; we recommend that you refrain from entering combat or making in-app purchases and close the application before maintenance begins so that no data is lost. Please refer below for details about the update.

Major Changes

1. Mirror Dungeon E.G.O Gift Compendium Improved
Now, you can view the descriptions for each upgrade Tier for E.G.O Gifts with Enhancement Tiers

1/4

PROJECT MOON
Bug Fixes & Improvements

▶ Fixed an issue where Mirror Dungeon E.G.O Gift 'T-1 Perpetual Motion Machine' effect 'Next Turn Start: Each Identity gains (Total Charge Count consumed by Skill use/4) 'Offense Level' (Maxes out when 40 Charge Counts are consumed)' did not activate for certain Identities.
- Affected Identities : W Corp. L3 Cleanup Agent Ryoshu, W Corp. L2 Cleanup Agent Hong Lu, R Corp. 4th Pack Reindeer Ishmael

▶ Fixed an issue where Slot Weight did not apply upon activating 'Reuse Skill' effects
※ With this fix, the incorrect Weight calculation upon using an E.G.O Skill while in possession of the Mirror Dungeon E.G.O Gift 'Rusty Commemorative Coin' has been fixed.

▶ Deleted 'ATK' category when rearranging the order of Identities in menu

▶ Improved 'SPD' category when rearranging the order of Identities in menu
※ It has been changed so that, between two Identities with identical Max Speed values, the Identity with a faster Min Speed comes first.

▶ Fixed an issue where, in the Mirror Dungeon, the 'arrange' function for Team loadout menu in Shops and Rest Stops Identity/E.G.O list UI did not work

▶ (Mobile Only) Fixed an issue where the Event currency UI icon does not display when claiming Mirror Dungeon rewards

▶ Adjusted BGM triggers based on the tide of battle for Main Story 5.5
- Before: Relevant BGM plays when the allies are winning
- After: Main Story 5.5 BGM plays even when the allies are winning

▶ Fixed an issue where a story CG was missing in Stage 3 of Main Story 5.5

▶ Updated E.G.O Tier Tags resource

▶ Fixed an issue where, under specific circumstances, selecting the 'Inferno' in the 'Drive' tab caused UI to malfunction and soft-lock players from progressing

▶ (EN Only) Fixed an issue where certain enemy units' [On Evade] keyword was missing

2/4

PROJECT MOON
Known Issues

▶ An issue where, under specific circumstances, trying to exit from the Mirror Dungeon -Starter Buffs UI after turn Starter Buffs ON/OFF caused an error

▶ (EN, JP Only) An issue where an incorrect location was displayed in the Main Story of Canto 4-54

▶ An issue where item description UI would appear incorrectly in the Mirror Dungeon Reward claim popup

▶ An issue where, even after activating [Mirror Dungeon Starter Buff - Namesake], the item sales price display did not update accordingly
※ This does not affect the actual sales prices, this is a visual-only issue

▶ An issue where the 'Rarity' Identity arrangement tag malfunctioned in the loadouts menu in the Mirror Dungeon Shops and Rest Stops

3/4

PROJECT MOON
Maintenance & Application Update Compensation

x300

- Content: Lunacy x300
- Recipients: All users whose game accounts were created before 10:00 Jan 11th, 2024 (KST)
- When: After Jan 4th, 2024 (Thu) 12:00 (KST)
- Can be claimed once per account

Maintenance Compensation can be claimed until Jan. 11th (Thu) 2024, 10:00 (KST) via the in-game Mailbox. (Mail available for 7 days)

Notes

- Please update your game client to the newest version on the respective store (Google Play/App Store/Steam).
- Forcibly shutting down the game while it is downloading resources may cause the download to fail, so please be careful not to close the application during the download.
- You will not be able to play <Limbus Company> during maintenance. Please understand.
- The maintenance schedule may suddenly change depending on the status of maintenance. If such a change occurs, we will let you know in a follow-up notice.
- A resource download may be prompted after the build update. If you're using a mobile device, it is recommended to proceed with a Wi-Fi connection.
- If you're playing with a guest account, we recommend that you link your account with other platforms to prevent possible account loss.
- The maintenance compensation will be provided once per account. Please note that the distribution may be slow due to network delays or other causes.
- The update gifts are valid to claim for 7 days. Please redeem them within this timeframe.

Thank you.

4/4

PROJECT MOON

